In that craft, and new plumes in general pipets
Andrew above call me now full
timor you know why he de mor
because he has him bashko too
bald she was so round me
noggin is not bald but he don't know there
bald ass round flew filing
filing the parable Andrew now I'm
I will try to kill him, he already shoot
see, see, see what he came out of, yes
no, he will stay down I go down so
dear viewers attempt number 2
Deniska bursts in the water again I don't know
what comes of it so before the war
and bacteria fit and report why he
do you predict Andrew approach
him closer and please city ​​me
the wife was able to gather up the sword lies there
if you have one diamond
grab a towel jump how many 111
diamond and 12 rubles
I don't have to wait now for 8 blocks
8 blocks do not rush land blocks
take it well i'm proud proud wait
wait wait you do n't need me again
so I don’t know you and it runs again
ok frame to run good will
we eat will delay the grant on gently
because let's crush cans can
apply it
ran let's all sent out teaches already on
what is this set
and fighter
current and what goes behind they order
you start to raise again so the speakers
no it's OK, I'm not going to not
blue he albeit a hostile date for
Uncle Vernon we see a skull drawn but
nor does he attack until you start
attack you let's test the strength
his punch
OK-OK
watch him demolish him very well my 9th
we have exploded the preview major urgently
urgently urgent these pancake
thoughts hyphenated academy scolded mom gave
Come on, push Garyaev, I also listened to me
like i like with tank shoot
on the contrary it turns out I was a goat almost
pushed into the pit numa numa numa will prove a
thick but not normal and see i
Now firstly I will experience how much experience
wow out of it how are we told by the trainer
before training is best to go
the toilet really and you never know what can happen
fighting two buggies alone forgot
go to the toilet before the fight and just have
he has
move from the cleaning lady
grabs this all guys see you in
series bye bye
you represent